backupfiles/devlog.md, before:

# November 18th, 2015
So, The battle engine is being.... harder than I expected.
I may need to write a new engine instead of using the old one.
Certain pieces just don't fit in... I also need to work on the town and shops.

# December 6th, 2015
Everything is up on github now! I finally set up git on my localhost. 
I've been pretty lazy on this project, more info will be uploaded soon.

# December 10th, 2015
Save and Load script are done. I decided that having the two
functions in separate files was a good idea. Easier to trace an error.
I don't really care about the number of imports. It's written to save
just the Player stats, but I mean nobody will need to save before that
comes around anyways.

# December 18th, 2015
Battle engine started working, I realized that the error was that no
enemy was defined lol. I'm getting pissed off with python's
tabbing system though. It's very buggy in my opinion, 70% of my
errors is just Vim being confused if it is 4 spaces or a tab. Why
can't it just use curly brackets like other languages? Whatever,
I shouldn't rant here. Name feature for the player was added too.

# January 12th, 2016
I think the battle engine is done! Not sure if it should randomly
select the monster in the battle engine or the field. (which I need to
start) Next up, the town.

# January 15th, 2016
I've been working harder on this project recently. I've been
pretty distracted with this for the past few months,(It's an
independent study, this is just for the end of year project)
my schedule has me working for only 100 min a day (Tuesday and Thursday.)
But on the status, minor changes all around and a good bit of the base
program finished. The town looks like a lot of work though, but it
will be done soon enough. I'm estimating this will be done in
February? Depends on how much more I add.

# January 21st, 2016
Well, I think this will have a "beta launch" in a few days! (if you
want to call it that, lol) Once the town if finished the game should
run just fine, but there is more content and polish that needs to be
added.

# January 28th, 2016
Lots of bug fixes. I love being able to play the game as a whole.
After all this time working on it, I can finally go through it
relatively smooth. But, the battle engine seems like it could have
a bit more diversity... maybe having a chance the player or monster
will miss their attack? I may work on that once a stable beta is out.

# February 2nd, 2016

Commit message:

gotta commit before my laptop dies!

backupfiles/devlog.md, after:

# November 18th, 2015
So, The battle engine is being.... harder than I expected.
I may need to write a new engine instead of using the old one.
Certain pieces just don't fit in... I also need to work on the town and shops.

# December 6th, 2015
Everything is up on github now! I finally set up git on my localhost. 
I've been pretty lazy on this project, more info will be uploaded soon.

# December 10th, 2015
Save and Load script are done. I decided that having the two
functions in separate files was a good idea. Easier to trace an error.
I don't really care about the number of imports. It's written to save
just the Player stats, but I mean nobody will need to save before that
comes around anyways.

# December 18th, 2015
Battle engine started working, I realized that the error was that no
enemy was defined lol. I'm getting pissed off with python's
tabbing system though. It's very buggy in my opinion, 70% of my
errors is just Vim being confused if it is 4 spaces or a tab. Why
can't it just use curly brackets like other languages? Whatever,
I shouldn't rant here. Name feature for the player was added too.

# January 12th, 2016
I think the battle engine is done! Not sure if it should randomly
select the monster in the battle engine or the field. (which I need to
start) Next up, the town.

# January 15th, 2016
I've been working harder on this project recently. I've been
pretty distracted with this for the past few months,(It's an
independent study, this is just for the end of year project)
my schedule has me working for only 100 min a day (Tuesday and Thursday.)
But on the status, minor changes all around and a good bit of the base
program finished. The town looks like a lot of work though, but it
will be done soon enough. I'm estimating this will be done in
February? Depends on how much more I add.

# January 21st, 2016
Well, I think this will have a "beta launch" in a few days! (if you
want to call it that, lol) Once the town if finished the game should
run just fine, but there is more content and polish that needs to be
added.

# January 28th, 2016
Lots of bug fixes. I love being able to play the game as a whole.
After all this time working on it, I can finally go through it
relatively smooth. But, the battle engine seems like it could have
a bit more diversity... Maybe having a chance the player or monster
will miss their attack? I may work on that once a stable beta is out.

# February 2nd, 2016
I finally have a stable beta! Going to have some friends test it for
me and patch up any accidental bugs. I have more I want to add to the
full game, but it's best I walk before I run.

# February 4th, 2016
Patched gold bugs, works great now(I think.) I feel stupid for
making these bugs in the first place, but whatever. I wonder how many
more bugs are laying around...

# February 8th, 2016
A few more tweaks. Nitpicks for the most part, a few bug patches too.
I think I'm gonna add a boss fight soon, since the game doesn't have
much of a point yet. Adding Ascii battle animations to give more of
a charm off.

# February 9th, 2016
More ideas keep flooding my mind... I thought I was nearly done but
I see so much more I can add to make it better. I decided to put the
project in beta because I had just planned on just adding a boss fight, but
after all this feedback I feel like much more needs to be added. We'll
see the direction this goes in.

# March 7th, 2016
It's nearly been a month!?! I've been working on Mult(another project)
and a paper stating my progress on the game. I plan on getting back on
track soon though. Now I just need to sit down and figure what's next
to do.
